Dear relatives and elders
Next Thursday.
Xiao Chen and I decided to make up for a late wedding
At that time, I hope everyone can come and grow together
Su Wanqing, are you shameless?
When people get married, you have to get married too
She's planning to get married next Thursday
You also want next Thursday.
I'm not saying can you grow a brain?
This one.
We're busy.
Whoever loves to pick up will pick up
Hey, you still want to hit me?
We don't have time to go
And you're forcing us to pick it up?
Forget it, don't
You're not coming to our wedding, are you?
What were you thinking?
For this beggar 6 years ago
Let our Su family lose face
Do you want to do it again today?
I'm telling you, I'm not going to this wedding
Hey stinky beggar
Dad talks like this
It's okay for you to stay dead
Don't worry.
The book I lived for a day
Don't you forget.